update account setup (#4119)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/guides/getting-started/index.mdx

![Create New Team](03.png)

Click on a team name to open the team settings and manage its associated members and projects.
Under the "Members" tab, add existing members to your team by clicking on "Add Member > [Member Name]".

You can also invite multiple new (external) members to join your organization and team by clicking on "Add Member > Invite Member".

![Invite Members](05.png)

Learn more about different user roles in [Organization Management](/product/accounts/membership/).

## 3. Configure Integrations

Sentry integrates into your existing workflows by providing out-of-the-box integrations with widely-used apps and services. To enable and configure integrations, go to **Settings > Integrations**. There are several types of integrations available, but we recommend that you immediately set up integrations for:
- [Alerting](#31-alert-notifications)
- [Source code management](#32-source-code-management)
- [Issue tracking](#33-issue-tracking)

### Alert Notifications {#31-alert-notifications}

> By default, Sentry will notify you about errors in your apps by email and [Slack](/product/integrations/notification-incidents/slack/), once you enable the integration. You can also enable team notifications in Slack so the right people in your organization always receive the alerts they need. In addition to Slack, Sentry offers several other [notification and incident integrations](/product/integrations/notification-incidents/), like [Microsoft Teams](/product/integrations/notification-incidents/msteams/) and [PagerDuty](/product/integrations/notification-incidents/pagerduty/), to help you stay informed about the errors you need to see.

Reviewer: > By default, Sentry will notify you about errors in your apps by email and Slack, once you enable the integration. 

The three clauses here are a bit awkward. I'd put the `once you enable the integration` in parentheses.

Reviewer: The clauses 
> so the right people in your organization always receive the alerts they need. 

and
> to help you stay informed about the errors you need to see.

are saying the same thing. Maybe we could say something about triaging issues?

> By default, Sentry will notify you about errors in your apps by email and [Slack](/product/integrations/notification-incidents/slack/), once you enable the integration. You can also enable team notifications in Slack so the right people in your organization always receive the alerts they need. In addition to Slack, Sentry offers several other [notification and incident integrations](/product/integrations/notification-incidents/), like [Microsoft Teams](/product/integrations/notification-incidents/msteams/) and [PagerDuty](/product/integrations/notification-incidents/pagerduty/), to help you stay informed about the errors you need to see.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, Sentry will notify you about errors in your apps by email and [Slack](/product/integrations/notification-incidents/slack/) (once you enable the integration). You can also enable team notifications in Slack so the right people in your organization always receive the alerts they need. In addition to Slack, Sentry offers several other [notification and incident integrations](/product/integrations/notification-incidents/), like [Microsoft Teams](/product/integrations/notification-incidents/msteams/) and [PagerDuty](/product/integrations/notification-incidents/pagerduty/).
```

1. Mark an issue as **Resolved via Commit or PR** to stop notifications about similar errors in past releases and notify you of a regression.
1. Link a Sentry issue to a new or existing issue in your integrated [issue tracking](#33-issue-tracking) solution.

   ![Identify suspect commits and see suggested assignees for issues.](issue-integrations-01.png)

   ![Link a Sentry issue to a new or existing issue in your issue tracking solution.](issue-integrations-02.png)

Sentry has built-in SCM integrations with:

- [Azure DevOps](/product/integrations/source-code-mgmt/azure-devops/)
- [GitHub](/product/integrations/source-code-mgmt/github/)
- [GitLab](/product/integrations/source-code-mgmt/gitlab/)
- [Bitbucket](/product/integrations/source-code-mgmt/bitbucket/)

If you're using a different SCM provider or don't want Sentry to connect to your repository, check out our [Releases documentation](/product/releases/setup/manual-setup-releases/) to learn how you can still enable most of these features (#1 - #3) by telling Sentry about your commit metadata.

### Issue Tracking {#33-issue-tracking}

> Enabling an integration with your issue tracking solution allows you to create a new issue from within the **Issue Details** page in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), or link to an existing one. In addition to GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket issues that are associated with the respective SCM integration, Sentry also integrates with [Azure DevOps](/product/integrations/source-code-mgmt/azure-devops/), [Clubhouse](/product/integrations/project-mgmt/clubhouse/), [Jira](/product/integrations/project-mgmt/jira/), and others.

Reviewer: > sentry.io

I think you should make this just say Sentry. The external link icon isn't playing nice with the comma.

Reviewer: > In addition to GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket issues that are associated with the respective SCM integration, Sentry also integrates with Azure DevOps, Clubhouse, Jira, and others.

I'm having a hard time parsing this sentence. Can we split it in two?

Author: > > sentry.io
> 
> I think you should make this just say Sentry. The external link icon isn't playing nice with the comma.

When we're talking about Sentry more generally, we use Sentry, but for the UI specifically, we use the linked url. And punctuation will inevitably follow outbound links sometimes. I don't think it's going to represent a blocker to comprehension.

> Enabling an integration with your issue tracking solution allows you to create a new issue from within the **Issue Details** page in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), or link to an existing one. In addition to GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket issues that are associated with the respective SCM integration, Sentry also integrates with [Azure DevOps](/product/integrations/source-code-mgmt/azure-devops/), [Clubhouse](/product/integrations/project-mgmt/clubhouse/), [Jira](/product/integrations/project-mgmt/jira/), and others.

Author: ```suggestion
Enabling an integration with your issue tracking solution allows you to create a new issue from within the **Issue Details** page in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), or link to an existing one. In addition to GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket issues, Sentry also integrates with [Azure DevOps](/product/integrations/source-code-mgmt/azure-devops/), [Clubhouse](/product/integrations/project-mgmt/clubhouse/), [Jira](/product/integrations/project-mgmt/jira/), and others. 
```

For a list of all supported integrations, check out out our [full Integrations documentation](/product/integrations/).

> While you can manually link Sentry issues to issues in your issue tracking solution, for [Azure DevOps](/product/integrations/source-code-mgmt/azure-devops/#automatically) and [Jira](/product/integrations/project-mgmt/jira/#automatically), you can set up automated issue management when you create alerts, so that external issues are created for new Sentry issues on your behalf. When you set up this automation, Sentry retrieves the fields configured in your Azure DevOps or Jira workspace so that you can set how these fields should be populated.

Reviewer: Same thing here:
> While you can manually link Sentry issues to issues in your issue tracking solution, for Azure DevOps and Jira, you can set up automated issue management when you create alerts, so that external issues are created for new Sentry issues on your behalf.

Maybe something like 
```
You can set up automated issue management when you create alerts for Azure DevOps and Jira. With will create external issues for new Sentry issues on your behalf. For other issue tracking solutions, you can manually link Sentry issues.
```

> While you can manually link Sentry issues to issues in your issue tracking solution, for [Azure DevOps](/product/integrations/source-code-mgmt/azure-devops/#automatically) and [Jira](/product/integrations/project-mgmt/jira/#automatically), you can set up automated issue management when you create alerts, so that external issues are created for new Sentry issues on your behalf. When you set up this automation, Sentry retrieves the fields configured in your Azure DevOps or Jira workspace so that you can set how these fields should be populated.

Author: ```suggestion
You can set up automated issue management when you create alerts that route to [Azure DevOps](/product/integrations/source-code-mgmt/azure-devops/#automatically) and [Jira](/product/integrations/project-mgmt/jira/#automatically). External issues will be created for new Sentry issues on your behalf, and these issues will use the configured fields in your Azure DevOps or Jira workspace. For other issue tracking solutions, you can manually link Sentry issues.
```
